---
title: Rolling Blog (2022)
weight: -20
---

<!--more-->

{{< toc >}}

## Nov. 4, 2022
#### Mana from U-Store-It
The time period created a movie known as Office Space. It was a time of great technological upheaval, and a time of great technological waste. Many were upgrading to new systems, including private and public schools. Trent Reznor was one of the newest musical talents to have music videos, Quake the computer game had only been out a few years, and Intel Pentium II & III machines were tossed away in favor of laptops and more portable desktop computers.
Actually, a lot were tossed because the internet was fresh, and lightly dusted with viruses and malware. Good hard disk drives with some years left bogged down by a lot of bad late night decisions. McAfee Stinger was a favorite of mine. Use it to scan for infected files, find the infected files, and slowly replace them with uninfected files pulled and scanned from the WWW. ClamAV is better IMO.
The dumpsters by the storage units generally had non-perishable waste receptacles. The same types rented for deck or fence removal. So climbing into them was a smart idea right? Anyway, with bro's help and guidance we came across a few desktop towers, one confirmed working monitor, and it was time to get to work.
I ended up with a Pentium III system running Windows 95. It could run Quake, what else did I need it for at the age of 14? And it had a CD-ROM drive, so I could listen to those sweet Nine Inch Nail jams. Beige tower, Microsoft whatever ball mouse, and if I remember correctly a neat Dell keyboard (AT101?). Oh right, this is the story of my first personal pan computer.

## Oct. 28, 2022
#### How I learned to shovel, and why working sucks 
I started my first job at the age of seven. Our family dog (black labrador) had a litter of puppies, and I was tasked to care for them (which included shoveling). So, for a few months I moved around dog food, filled bowls, and crawled into the makeshift puppy kennel in our backyard to complete my daily waste extraction quest. Hawthorne, Florida circa early 90s. I believe I was payed $10 a week--not sure about those details--it was a little while ago.
The kennel was about double puppy height, because my dog Ninja learned that he could climb the chicken wire fence.  With that knew discovery, Dad created the perfect puppy ambush box made of chicken wire (ambushed by puppy kisses everyday). I wanted to save for a Super Nintendo, and Dad said he would hold on to the money. "The lawn won't mow itself." "Put shit in one hand, and WANT in another, and what do you get?"
Wouldn't you know it, around the same time all the puppies were adopted, a new beer brewing kit appeared in the house. I worked a few paying 'jobs' before I got a real job at the age of 15, but that first job stung a little. Dad was awesome when his pain levels were tolerable. He worked so hard that some of the rubber parts in his spine wore away. Alcohol probably eased the pain, but definitely wasn't the best solution. Well, a bad solution to a problem that the military said wasn't due to his two decades of service. It's not that I didn't have things. Oh I had things. It's just--this is something I was working towards. I'd imagine there was a lot of shitty laundry to do too (ba dum tss).
I'm two years away from 40 now--which is fine--we all move out our own pace. Those that judge me harshly probably don't have the time or energy to walk a mile in someone else's Family Dollar shoes.

## Sep. 18, 2022
#### Too ambitious to be a bench warmer

This one is from 1995 (I was 11). Which wasn't that long ago. I have a confession to make. I played two years of little league baseball, and I couldn't hit the ball. It didn't matter who pitched--whether or not I crowded the plate or did the opposite--I was either walked to first base, struck out, or was caught looking at all three strikes. Naturally, when my team was at bat, coach (all of them) put me on the bench. The baseball fields were often next to racquet ball courts (perfect for wall ball), and sometimes playgrounds. It was nearly impossible to make me sit on a bench when I was surrounded by so much fun. Our team was up to bat, and I was off the bench on a solo adventure. Was it an all star game? I guess that's not important. Near a small building a few dozen feet away from the bleachers, I hear a voice. It's odd that I would hear one individual voice out of all the yelling coming from proud parents, and random kids playing, but her voice was different. "Why wont anyone play with me?!" The resignation in her voice combined with the near lack of a southern accent was what really caught my attention. As a kid once with a slight British accent adapted from preschool in Bermuda, I knew what it was like to be an outsider in North Central Florida. I couldn't help but ask her if she wanted to play catch. "But I don't have a glove." I believe she said. A few under hand throws later, and our attention shifted to the pull up bars nearby. I don't remember much other than showing her how to penny drop, because unfortunately, our time was cut short. A man from near the bleachers was calling her name. By the tone of his voice, she was in trouble, and he was most likely a legal guardian. It was obviously time for her to go. I believe she said "thank you", and we both went our separate ways. Have I seen her since then? I'm not entirely sure,  but I'm thankful that something good came out of my inability to hit a baseball.

## Sep, 8, 2022
#### From when I worked at United Tote
United Tote was/is the parimutuel wagering vendor of Pompano Park, Pompano Beach, Florida. All day yesterday the "silly ol' Winniee the Poooh" part of the The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh theme song played in my head.  And so, here's another long winded story. Operators showed up for the early morning shift or for the overnight shift. Technicians worked the overnight shift.  As an operator, the start of our day involved double checking the live race card (harness race track).  If a horse was scratched--removed from the race--then changes needed to be made by an operator, so that no one places an impossible bet.  As an operator of the morning shift, we performed a lot of the easy technician duties.  If someone punched a screen and cracked it, we were called to replace it.  But most of our day was spent changing out rolls of self checkout wagering machine paper.  Occasionally we would have to cancel a stolen ticket, or work with track management to figure out something to do with someone's players club card (VIP card).  Technicians knew quite a bit more about the machines, so main board changes and such were left for when the technicians arrived for their shifts.
There was a period of time in which one of the technicians went on vacation for a month, and so I was asked if I would like to take his shifts for some overtime.  I enjoy learning how things work, and I guess I was good enough at documenting work performed that I was asked to work the extra shifts.  At the time, I had very little since my move to South Florida.  All my stuff was back in Gainesville, FL, and my last car was probably sold for scrap from one of the impound lots a few months before I moved.  Ninety hour work weeks sounded tough, but I needed a car, and had trouble with impulse spending. There's also a thriving karaoke culture in South Florida, and it's somewhat addictive and expensive.  Thirteen years later, and I still remember the majority of the lyrics from my songs.  Anyway, so I came in as an operator in the morning, and left as a technician the following morning.  A little bit of sleep, and back to work again.  Unfortunately, my relationship did not survive the overtime opportunity.  Actually it was fortunate, because we weren't right for each.  She was lonely, and I was doing my best to save for a car and pay my half of everything including the HBO package (of which I did not have access when I moved out of her room).  There was a Hungry Howies close by that had that cheeseburger pizza.  I quickly realized my favorite fast food pizza place.  Later I would learn that their Hawaiian pizza is even better.  I grew up with pineapple on ham casserole things.
One of the folks that worked directly with the track (we were a permanent vendor operation) once called me Christopher Robin, because our manager had a tattoo of Eore, and I had a way of of avoiding the trouble that our manager and the other employees got into outside of work. The name of the guy that called me Christopher Robin was Joe.  I believe he was an announcer for live race days.  He was one of the few people that spoke to me without a condescending tone in his voice.  Which I appreciated.  Even though the machines were from the late 80s or early 90s, it was the first job in which I felt I was using my natural aptitude.  Which in an odd way was rewarding.  The place was kind of depressing though.  Termites made it so that entire floors were out of order.  Not a lot of smiling faces either.  Quite a change from my humble beginnings in Hawthorne/Gainesville, FL.  I never placed a wager too, so I was kind of on the outside looking inward.

## Sep. 6, 2022
#### High school drafting class. This one hurt my psyche quite a bit
Ok, granted, this was about twenty years ago, but I still think about it from time to time.  My folks smoked cigarettes to cut through the monotony of the day to day grind.  And they smoked in the house, ergo, I smelled like smoke.  This was during the period in my life when I moved in with my then girlfriend and her family because Vietnam War reasons.  So, at the start of my drafting class, I smelled like smoke.  And my drafting teacher assumed I smoked my breakfast before class.  She said this to me while confiscating my Tech Deck.  I think she meant that I was too skinny, and picked up a bad habit at an early age.  She also liked to call me urchin in front of the class.  Which basically means street rat or hedgehog.  I ate what was available to me, and I didn't smoke cigarettes.  But I did like to skate, which I guess was 75% of why she said that.
At some point I realized that I was going to get a D in the class if I don't take advantage of the extra credit assignment.  She loved to scoff at my work for the rest of the class to take notice, and when I asked what was wrong, she would ignore me and continue to the next student.  The extra credit assignment was literally my favorite part of that class, which was to design a vehicle using four wheels powered by a rubber band propeller using a sheet of foam board, scissors, and tape or glue.  I won't name who my teacher grouped me with (now an architect? idk).  He probably never had to use his hands for much at all, which I should have taken into account before I started the design process.  I had seen a few prototype car videos, so I decided to create a curved design for the least amount of wind resistance.  And the propeller in a push configuration instead of a pull configuration.  It sort of looked like a cross between a delta wing and a prototype sports car.  Only with a big rubber band powered propeller on the back.
Once the design was finished, I tasked my partner with cutting out all the pieces--not very neighborly of me.  Once completed, I assembled the car, and he complained to our drafting teacher because his hand was sore.  He probably thought he just finished a manual labor job or something like that I don't know what was going on in his head.  I had done odd jobs since I was seven, so I had no sense of what was hard work for my age group.  Maybe I should have spent less time talking with a friend, and included my partner in the design process.  I believe there was a physical line to cross to gain extra credit, and a bit of a contest to see which vehicle could go the farthest.  Our car won, so, extra credit right?  Well, wouldn't you know it, the designer and builder of the car did not get the extra credit, and failed that class.  Had my teacher been more open to listening to my side of the story would I have been an architect or industrial designer?  No, probably not.  But still, what hell.

## Sep. 5, 2022
#### Coupé de ville 
I was new to the feeling of driving a floating boat of a Cadillac.  I believe I worked truck @ CVS that morning, which meant coming in at 3am and getting off at 3pm.  Blessed vinyl extraordinaire along for the ride for some reason.  We were driving south on 441 just past GHS, about to take a right on to 16th ave..  Not swerving, but no power steering made it difficult to drive super straight.  Blue and red flashed in my rear view mirror.  I pull into a Citgo gas station parking space and realized my lights were shining through the Citgo building window, so I turned my headlights off.  The people that owned the place were always nice to my friends and I, so at least I could return the favor.
Mr. Officer decided it was DUI time, so he asked me to get out and do some of those perfectly accurate physical sobriety tests.  Blessed vinyl extraordinaire asked to speak with Mr. Officer privately.  I have no idea what  was said between them, but after a few minutes I was given a ticket for driving without headlights, and was told my friend would have to drive home--which was only several hundred feet away.  Had he not been along for the ride, I would have spent at least a few nights in jail (thank you).
So, that's the end of the story right?  I paid the $80 ticket for being a skater type and driving a purple Cadillac while mildly tired, and all was well.  Nope.  You see, I paid with a check.  The check was sent back, and I wasn't aware of this until there was a notice in the mail stating that my license was suspended.  This was during a time when only money orders were the only acceptable payment method for tickets.  Ok, this had to have been a mistake right?  My first ticket, and this happens.  I hired a lawyer to appear in court and save my bacon.  On court day I drove to a Broward County courtroom.  Within the first 30 minutes of sitting among an auditorium of people waiting for their mini trials, I watched a young and intelligent man get charged with years of jail for selling a small amount of weed.  I was waiting maybe an hour before my turn.  I stepped up in front of the judge--my lawyer took one look at me and said one word, "guilty", to the judge.  The car was impounded six months previously because it was towed before I could get it fixed.  And I paid an additional $350 afterwards because Mr. Officer was being a Mr. Officer.
I used a cassette tape to stereo plug adapter with my RCA Lyra rd1071 MP3 player to play tunes through the Bose speakers.  And wouldn't you know it, the door of the MP3 player battery compartment was held shut with a piece of duct tape.  A year earlier the player flew out of my pocket while I was riding my bike up and down 16th avenue.  In fact, the road was so steep, one time my Suntour back derailleur derailed itself onto the sidewalk.  Anyway, the player was loaded with songs from The White Stripes (Elephant), Boards of Canada (Music has the Right to Children), Dragonforce (Inhuman Rampage), and Ratatat (Ratatat & Classics).  Probably more, but back then an SD card only held so many MP3s (1-2GB).
I don't know how many times I've heard the sentence, "Have you ever been arrested before?" But I'll take that over another pat down anyday shivers.  To be clear, it's been 13 years since my last ticket, my driver's license is in good standing, and I always have proof of insurance.  When pulled over in the future, the only thing I'll switch off is my windshield wipers.

## (Sep. 1, 2022
#### RIP Spider-man. You were loved.
This story required a separate post.  Something I had to get out. My first grade bus driver Mr. Savage for whatever reason assigned seating.  I was assigned to sit next to a Spider-Man fan.  He was in kindergarten.  And like most kids do, we got into a few heated discussions about Superman vs. Spider-Man.  During one of those arguments I made the kid cry, and Mr. Savage re-assigned me to a new seat.  This was around the time my father broke the leaf off a table with his fist, because I didn't try on a pair of shoes before taking off the tags (Vietnam War problem).  The kid--I wish I could remember his name--for some reason was absent for a few days.  Obviously, I felt guilty for being so damn mean.  I liked Spider-Man and Superman.  I probably would have even liked Aquaman had I known of that superhero.  At Shell Elementary school, even though there was an intercom system, some of the news was announced by our teachers.  The teacher said that the boy dropped his books as he and his Mom were crossing the road, and his decision to retrieve his books without looking out for traffic ended his life.
I loved books (still love books). I don't fall into another world as I read fiction like I did before, but I use to be completely immersed in the stories.  I mean, in first grade I wasn't reading novels, but I didn't need the pictures to visualize what was happening.  We had something in common, but I couldn't get past the Superman vs. Spider-Man argument.  I don't believe that he died to make me nicer.  I don't believe that this tragic event had to happen for my benefit.  In my opinion that's completely asinine.  However, I did take meaning from what happened.  It took a few decades for me to realize that I was not to blame.  No one was to blame.  It was a tragic accident.
I feel like I may have made amends as I progressed through to high school and in to the real world.  When people spoke to me I listened, and I tried to be as accommodating as possible.  In my twenties, as a shift manager at CVS, part of my duty was to shift the direction of shouting customers away from other associates on towards myself.  And as everyone knows, when someone has to wait an extended period of time for their medication, they have a lot of frustration to offload.  Some of them would thank me for letting them vent.   Even though 'venting' consisted of them yelling in my face.  It was something I developed over time that took a lot of patience and careful attuning to the issues at hand.  I try my best to make things right if possible.  And if that means swallowing my pride for a little while, then so be it.  I can't let that happen again.

## Aug. 29, 2022
#### Magnesia Springs and the Uncanny X-Men
Probably the only remaining close up photo of me from my Shell Elementary school days in Hawthorne, FL.  A lot of my friends from Gainsville, FL never met this kid.  The guy in that photo didn't care who you are, just as long as you liked X-Men (still doesn't care).  This was where I learned of subjugation, and how to ignore it.  I also learned to somersault roll, and how to use it to break my fall after running up and jumping off the tallest slide.
My favorite book was either The Skeleton on the Skateboard (Graveyard School series, No. 2) or Hachet.  I lost my innocence while cleaning up what a family of owls left behind from their meal on the back porch.  It was bad enough that my father said something like, "Don't let your mother see this."  I knew the majority of the scientific names for local reptiles, and amphibians.  My family had a few cats that also liked the local reptiles, and amphibians.  My favorite dinosaurs were part of the Ankylosaurus genus.  I could walk and dribble a basketball at the same time without looking down (later I would play a LOT of 21).  My first and so far only basketball was a Shaq rubber basketball (black & blue?).  I believe I read all the Goosebump books available in the Hawthorne, FL branch library.  I should probably add that I started reading novels in second grade.  And I read my first Stephen King novel in third grade.  I also learned how to do penny drops from pull-up bars (turn upside down, drop, and land on feet--usually requires a spotter to learn).  I also learned how to fail at my first kiss.
It was this period of my life that I learned to ollie a skateboard, catch/hit/pitch a baseball, ride a bike, play table tennis, bowl, throw darts, and type in a DOS prompt.  I popped a few ollies over stuff yesterday (some things never change).  I also learned a few things necessary to defend myself.  Later I would learn how to defuse most situations with words before escalation.  One thing I regret is never going to Washington DC for the Safety Patrols trip.  My folks wanted a better life for me, and knew scholarships were the only way.  A bad grade meant no fun stuff until the next report card.  My siblings are a bit older, so they were out of the house or moved out be this time of my life.  With one car due to the repercussions of my father's Vietnam War problem, going out for funtivities was not something of which I was accustom.  I also learned how to properly use a shovel to help bury our amazing and very protective family dog named Baby.  I probably mentioned this before--she was bitten by a snake--which was heartbreaking for all of us.
It was during this phase in my life when 24 hours meant leaving all I knew behind to move to Gainesville, FL.  Most of the possessions from the storage unit were left for auctioneers to pick out and or pick apart--to sell to people that like decorative machetes from Panama, or giant sea shells from Bermuda.  This wasn't the first time I helped the family move.  But this was the first time we moved without smiling and laughing.  The move and finding a place to label as a home address for things like school registration took a while longer than anticipated.  During my first day at Kanapaha Middle School, I was called up to the stage of the cafeteria.  I guess I missed too many days of school, and was scheduled for punishment (in-school suspension?).
My folks talked to the principal, and all was forgiven (still got to keep my cool guy points tho).  What I would love to show is all the signatures I had in the back of my KMS yearbook.  All of my other yearbooks are empty, but all the signature pages of my KMS book are full.  That one kid with a single front tooth.  And still, while looking back, I know now that it was the best two school years of my life .  For some reason, even though most students' outfits were worth more than my entire wardrobe, it felt like home.  For comparison, I was robbed in the boys locker room during my first semester of Gainesville High School.  And my locker was broken into two more times (probably because I yelled in the face of the two muscular upperclassmen during the first altercation).  Like my brother and sister, I didn't like GHS that much.  So yea, from Shell Elementary, Hawthorne, FL to Kanapaha Middle School, Gainesville, FL.  There are probably a few omissions, but that's the gist of my experience.

## Aug. 11, 2022
#### The day a soccer goal chose violence (head scar featured)
My conscious keeps saying the world needs to know, and so here I am again (more alt. rock than hippy apparently).
I was wearing a corduroy golf cap (Andy Capp style) turned backwards.  It was hot.  We were riding bikes on a soccer field--featured in photo #2 (2007)--this story is from 1997.  As a former builder of makeshift launch ramps I needed excitement, so I thought riding through a soccer goal would be fun.
The first one I rode through did not have sidebars, and so I didn't inspect the one ahead of where I was going.  It had sidebars.  One moment I was riding my bike, the next moment I was picking my self off the ground and picking one of my front teeth up at the same time, "Hey guys!  I lost a tooth!"  My twelve year old self had lost about six years of time in a few seconds.  I knew to keep it in a cup of milk, but my concussion made it difficult to convey why that was important.  I rinsed my mouth using the faucet on the side of the 20th Ave. fire station (we lived across the street, and yes it was loud), and I chuckled along with the doctor while he stitched me up at the local clinic.
The other tooth was removed by a dentist for other reasons when I was in my twenties.  Ok, hopefully that's all the storytime I have for a while.

## Aug. 9, 2022
#### My wildling side.  In the grand scheme of things, this wasn't that long ago
The mobile home pictured behind Rumor's Tavern (now a mattress store) was where I lived with my folks from 1997-2001.  They lost their home in Hawthorne, FL (where I learned to respect nature 1989-1996--cotton mouth snakes, coral snakes, eastern diamond backs, etc.), and moved to Gainesville, FL.  My old room window is visible--the one closest to the bar.  My Dad had a Vietnam War problem but wouldn't admit it, and so I moved out when I was sixteen.  This Google Maps image (2007) was taken as they were demolishing units.  At least two other homes would have been visible from that angle.
That storm drain guard rail (right side of second image) marks the spot where the school bus would pick us up in the morning.  I sat on that storm drain guard rail while others sat on the concrete bus bench a few dozen yards to the right (not picture).  The convenience store/gas station to the left of that railing was robbed four times under the same management.  One morning a girl attempted to stab another girl one just after Ms. Dallas (our bus driver I think?) picked us up.  I think I remember one of the chill middle school guys offering to share a joint.  "Nah, I'm good man."  "You sure?" "Yeah."  Lots of bass booming vehicles passing through that area in the morning.
Local rowdy middle school boys found out I was decent at basketball while in a physical education class, and so they attempted to initiate me as part of their roaming bicycle group.  I admired John Stockton back then for some reason (so many elbows..).  Same ones that exited out the back door of the bus when we got stuck one morning.  Same ones that made fun of me for practicing freestyle tricks on a skateboard (ironically before I learned of Rodney Mullen).
As I sat on that storm drain guard rail (probably while wearing my Goosebumps tie dyed t-shirt) one of them smashed an egg on my head.  My guess was that the big guy was itching to fight someone, and my leave me alone face was bugging him.  So with egg dripping down my face he asked me, "You're not mad?"  I responded with a soft but stern, "No."  What they didn't see is me walking back home to take a shower, and my Dad calling my Mom from work so that I wouldn't miss a day of school.  They didn't bother me much after that.
The positive side was that before moving to Gainesville, FL, I had no general sense of modern skateboarding.  What I knew came from 1980s how to skateboard books.  Kickflip?  I knew more about what lived in Florida swamps and fishing than skateboarding.  My first deck was actually a Status skate shop board.  Probably sold via Play It Again Sports.  My first pro model deck I believe was a 2001 Kerry Getz Habitat board (shown).
