---
Title: D&N 08/22
author: csmertx
date: August 11, 2022
weight: -20
---

<!--more-->

{{< toc >}}

## Aug. 9, 2022
### My wildling side.  In the grand scheme of things, this wasn't that long ago

There are a lot of flashback posts from Aug. 9, 2022 to Jan. 14, 2023 (copy pasted from Bookface). Less personal posts start [here.](/Blog/daynight/2023/0123/#january-16-2023)

The mobile home was behind Rumor's Tavern (now a mattress store) of Gainesville, FL, which was where I lived with my folks from 1997-2001.  They lost their home in Hawthorne, FL (where I learned to respect nature 1989-1996--cotton mouth snakes, coral snakes, eastern diamond backs, etc.), and moved to Gainesville, FL.  My old room window is visible--the one closest to the bar.  My Dad had a Vietnam War problem but wouldn't admit it, and so I moved out when I was sixteen.

That storm drain guard rail marks the spot where the school bus picked us up in the morning.  I sat on that storm drain guard rail while others sat on the concrete bus bench a few dozen yards to the right.  The convenience store/gas station to the left of that railing was robbed four times under the same management.  One morning a girl attempted to stab another girl one just after Ms. Dallas (our bus driver I think?) picked us up.  I think I remember one of the chill middle school guys offering to share a joint.  "Nah, I'm good man."  "You sure?" "Yeah."  Lots of bass booming vehicles passing through that area in the morning.

Local rowdy middle school boys found out I was decent at basketball while in a physical education class, and so they attempted to initiate me as part of their roaming bicycle group.  I admired John Stockton back then for some reason (so many elbows..).  Same ones that exited out the back door of the bus when we got stuck one morning.  Same ones that made fun of me for practicing freestyle tricks on a skateboard (ironically before I learned of Rodney Mullen).

As I sat on that storm drain guard rail (probably while wearing my Goosebumps tie dyed t-shirt) one of them smashed an egg on my head.  My guess was that the big guy was itching to fight someone, and my leave me alone face was bugging him.  So with egg dripping down my face he asked me, "You're not mad?"  I responded with a soft but stern, "No."  What they didn't see is me walking back home to take a shower, and my Dad calling my Mom from work so that I wouldn't miss a day of school.  They didn't bother me much after that.

The positive side was that before moving to Gainesville, FL, I had no general sense of modern skateboarding.  What I knew came from 1980s how to skateboard books.  Kickflip?  I knew more about what lived in Florida swamps and fishing than skateboarding.  My first deck was actually a Status skate shop board.  Probably sold via Play It Again Sports.  My first pro model deck I believe was a 2001 Kerry Getz Habitat board (shown).

## Aug. 11, 2022
### The day a soccer goal chose violence

My conscious keeps saying the world needs to know, and so here I am again.

I was wearing a corduroy golf cap (Andy Capp style) turned backwards.  It was hot.  We were riding bikes on a soccer field--featured in photo #2 (2007)--this story is from 1997.  As a former builder of makeshift launch ramps I needed excitement, so I thought riding through a soccer goal would be fun.

The first one I rode through did not have sidebars, and so I didn't inspect the one ahead of where I was going.  It had sidebars.  One moment I was riding my bike, the next moment I was picking my self off the ground and picking one of my front teeth up at the same time, "Hey guys!  I lost a tooth!"  My twelve year old self had lost about six years of time in a few seconds.  I knew to keep it in a cup of milk, but my concussion made it difficult to convey why that was important.  I rinsed my mouth using the faucet on the side of the 20th Ave. fire station (we lived across the street, and yes it was loud), and I chuckled along with the doctor while he stitched me up at the local clinic.
The other tooth was removed by a dentist for other reasons when I was in my twenties.  Ok, hopefully that's all the storytime I have for a while.